docs #843 revise rolling upgrade steps (#960)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/install-upgrade/rolling-upgrade.mdx

### 1. Enable maintenance mode

1. Check that all nodes are healthy: 

    ```bash
    rpk cluster health
    ```

    If the cluster is healthy, the output shows `Healthy: true`.

2. Select a node that has not been upgraded yet and place it into maintenance mode: 

    ```bash
    rpk cluster maintenance enable <node-id> --wait
    ```

    The `--wait` option ensures that the cluster is healthy before putting the node into maintenance mode.

3. Verify that the node is in maintenance mode: 

    ```bash
    rpk cluster maintenance status
    ```
    
    When rpk returns, confirm that `FINISHED` is `true`.

4. Validate again the health of the cluster:

    ```bash
    rpk cluster health
    ```

    If the cluster is healthy, the output shows `Healthy: true`.

    :::note
    You can also evaluate [external metrics](../../cluster-administration/monitoring) to determine cluster health. If the cluster has any issues, take the node out of maintenance mode by running the following command before proceeding with other operations, such as decommissioning or retrying the rolling upgrade:
    
    ```bash
    rpk cluster maintenance disable <node-id>
    ``` 
    
    :::

> ### 2. Upgrade node

Reviewer: The intro paragraph says, "This process involves putting a node into maintenance mode, upgrading the node, waiting to see if there are any issues, taking the node out of maintenance mode, and then repeating the process on the next node in the cluster." Should this step include something about checking to see if there are any issues? If not, should the intro be updated?

Author: Will update the intro.

> If successfully in maintenance mode, perform a node upgrade by following the [version upgrade](../../install-upgrade/version-upgrade/) process specific to your deployment model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the node is in maintenance mode, perform a node upgrade by following the [version upgrade](../../install-upgrade/version-upgrade/) process specific to your deployment model.
```

### 3. Disable maintenance mode

> Once you've successfully upgraded the node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've successfully upgraded the node:
```

Reviewer: Minor, and it's not in our Redpanda style guide, but Oracle required "after" instead of "once" and "because" instead of "since." You're choice.

1. Take the node out of maintenance mode: 

    ```bash
    rpk cluster maintenance disable <node-id>
    ```

2. Ensure that the node is no longer in maintenance mode:

    ```bash
    rpk cluster maintenance status
    ```

### 4. Restart node

> Once you're out of maintenance mode, restart the node's Redpanda service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you're out of maintenance mode, restart the node's Redpanda service.
```
